hi everyone so today I'm going to be
doing a whole video and it's kind of
like a fitness and workout hall because
I've really been getting to keep him
fair and just get into shape this summer
and I'm pretty sure all of you guys have
to so I wanted to share with you what I
got so if you're interested thank you
for watching ok so let's show you the
most boring things best and that is just
stop so I got these three pair of socks
just like Roy white trainer socks two
packs with three pounds from amazon i'll
link everything i bought down below i
put it all online so that you guys can
go and check them out but I just needed
some socks then I went on to debenhams
the best thing that I got our shorts and
they are playing black with a white
stripe well to aight stripes down the
side and those were originally 15 pounds
and I gotten for 12 the next thing I got
it a sports bra and I spent hours
looking for a decent sports by just
because I really wanted to invest in a
decent one that would like be
comfortable and do the job I in the end
age or going nike again and I got this
again from debenhams this was originally
25 pounds but i think i got it for
something about like 17 to 19 pounds ok
the next two things are kind of boring
but usher them anyway and ahead and got
myself dr. are a plain black
exciting huh wipe on to do this is cut
it up and kind of break into a racerback
t-shirt and then I'll probably like do a
design on the front or something just
like and throw it over the sports bra
when I'm out in public so I'll probably
do a DIY when I do do this is you want
to see that then and give this a thumbs
up or let me know in the comments below
and I will do it for you then while
Stiles amazon amazon blur while stars on
amazon i got myself some joggers sneeze
were really cheap there were about eight
pounds has an elasticated cook bottom
zip pocket at the back and two zip
pockets down the side and in the West
coated whisper the next thing that got
is a little bit strange but I do I saw
it on amazon and i really want to get
knowledge listen and one way one of
these before but they're like an armband
on coughing and the whole point of them
is to put your phone inside the pockets
the perk of this is that you don't need
to have pockets or you can have hands
bricks so i got one of those and this
was only like three pounds okay drumroll
please
drumroll so the last mobile I actually
spend days looking for i literally
passed every single side that sold them
i bought night free rooms but
advertisers white but when they came
they were different shades of this like
tiffany blue can save yourself kind of
what they look like these were 75 pounds
with backpack purse and packaging so a
bit more on the pricey side but honestly
they're the most comfy trainers I've
ever ever walk so that's pretty much
everything that I got I don't know how
well you guys can see my hair in the
video if you want a tutorial on this and
i can give you it and have a little
party going on so I don't know its name
we'll see how it goes I hope you enjoyed
and if you did deb gets give it a thumbs
up and don't get to check out the links
everything i said i'll put in the
description box below so thank you so
much watching guys and I'll speak too
soon bye but oh I nearly sneeze when
it's gone bust me